README.md, before:

<!--
**jepasq/jepasq** is a ✨ _special_ ✨ repository because its `README.md` (this file) appears on your GitHub profile.

Here are some ideas to get you started:

- 📫 How to reach me: ...
-->

## Bio

Hi there 👋.

I'm every day involved in free software development, mainly &mdash; but not only &mdash; in
backend in *C* or *C++*. Occasionally using interpreted languages such as *ruby* or *python*. Regularly trying to learn new, functionnal languages (including *haskell*, *ocaml*, multiple *scheme* dialects and *erlang*). Some of these test repositories may spawn around.

- 🔭 Enrolled in **FreeCodeCamp**'s [data-visualization](https://www.freecodecamp.org/learn/data-visualization/) certification but currently on hiatus.
- 🤔 Learning [DApp](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Decentralized_application) model and [solidity](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Solidity) in my spare time. 
- ☕ Coffee lover and [mastodon](https://github.com/mastodon/mastodon) user (AT rainbru AT piaille.fr).
- 🌱 Almost happy [Manjaro](https://manjaro.org/) and  [POS](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Proof_of_stake) crypto-currencies holder.
- 💬 Waiting for [osu lazer](https://github.com/ppy/osu)!

<p align=center>⁂</p>

## Gaming

- ⚡ Frequently playing *DotA 2* (mainly *offlaner* or *soft support*) or various [IDLE games](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Incremental_game) (thanks to [wine](https://github.com/wine-mirror/wine), [proton](https://github.com/ValveSoftware/Proton), [GE](https://github.com/GloriousEggroll/proton-ge-custom) and [lutris](https://github.com/lutris/lutris));
- 📫 Currently farming [AO](https://albiononline.com/home) private island.

## Statistics

Here are some ~not so~ useful statistics :

<a href="https://github.com/jepasq/jepasq">
  <img align="center" style="max-width:250px" src="https://github-readme-stats-git-masterrstaa-rickstaa.vercel.app/api?username=jepasq&count_private=true&show_icons=true&theme=tokyonight" />
</a>
<a href="https://github.com/jepasq/jepasq">
  <img align="center" src="https://github-readme-stats-git-masterrstaa-rickstaa.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=jepasq&layout=compact&theme=tokyonight&langs_count=8" />
</a>

![visitors](https://visitor-badge.laobi.icu/badge?page_id=jepasq.jepasq)

Commit message:

Add a coffee reference to TeX

README.md, after:

<!--
**jepasq/jepasq** is a ✨ _special_ ✨ repository because its `README.md` (this file) appears on your GitHub profile.

Here are some ideas to get you started:
-->

## Bio

Hi there 👋.

I'm every day involved in free software development, mainly &mdash; but not only &mdash; in
backend in *C* or *C++*. Occasionally using interpreted languages such as *ruby* or *python*. Regularly trying to learn new, functionnal languages (including *haskell*, *ocaml*, multiple *scheme* dialects and *erlang*). Some of these test repositories may spawn around.

- 🔭 Enrolled in **FreeCodeCamp**'s [data-visualization](https://www.freecodecamp.org/learn/data-visualization/) certification but currently on hiatus.
- 🤔 Learning [DApp](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Decentralized_application) model and [solidity](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Solidity) in my spare time. 
- 📫 [mastodon](https://github.com/mastodon/mastodon) user (AT rainbru AT piaille.fr).
- 🌱 Almost happy [Manjaro](https://manjaro.org/) and  [POS](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Proof_of_stake) crypto-currencies holder.
- 💬 Waiting for [osu lazer](https://github.com/ppy/osu)!

<p align=center>⁂</p>

## Gaming

- ⚡ Frequently playing *DotA 2* (mainly *offlaner* or *soft support*) or various [IDLE games](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Incremental_game) (thanks to [wine](https://github.com/wine-mirror/wine), [proton](https://github.com/ValveSoftware/Proton), [GE](https://github.com/GloriousEggroll/proton-ge-custom) and [lutris](https://github.com/lutris/lutris));
- 📫 Currently farming [AO](https://albiononline.com/home) private island.

## Statistics

Here are some ~not so~ useful statistics :

<a href="https://github.com/jepasq/jepasq">
  <img align="center" style="max-width:250px" src="https://github-readme-stats-git-masterrstaa-rickstaa.vercel.app/api?username=jepasq&count_private=true&show_icons=true&theme=tokyonight" />
</a>
<a href="https://github.com/jepasq/jepasq">
  <img align="center" src="https://github-readme-stats-git-masterrstaa-rickstaa.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=jepasq&layout=compact&theme=tokyonight&langs_count=8" />
</a>

![visitors](https://visitor-badge.laobi.icu/badge?page_id=jepasq.jepasq)

<div align=center>⁂

☕ *`TeX` is not my most used language* ☕
</div>
